Mr. Fan, you are really kind.
Although I mentioned my feelings to you before
But I didn't expect you to remember it all at once
But for such a scumbag
Affect your engagement
Not worth it.
It was slashed today.
I'll tell you about it.
Ah prince prince is a scum
Specialized mixed-race girl
He cheats money and his feelings
I really owe you
I heard Secretary Su talk about him before.
What was Mr. Fan shouting just now?
He said the man cheated on his feelings
Oh, Fan can't really be that kind of person, can he?
Hey, I don't know, I don't know what you said about this kind of deception.
Should a man with a little girl's feelings be beaten?
Mr. Fan can't talk nonsense
Enough.
Omori, do you want to get engaged or not?
Of course, of course.
Of course. Of course. Engaged
Well, don't worry, grandma.
Chu Chu, don't worry.
OK
Humph
Well, it will delay the engagement time later
Good idea.
It turns out that Fan Shao is such a formal person
I saw it today
But my fight today will definitely not be in vain
And you, Su Wanqing, just wait and see.
Oh good yeah
But why is he here?
Here you are.
Oh.
Humph